Love Is All
Episode 10 Lingyin & Tianyuan become a fake couple
Shaofeng promised to protect Ruyi
As for
that female adviser,
I think you'd better dismiss her quickly.
Shao Xing would love to serve you.
Shao Xing adviser looks fine and smart,
but adviser Tan's term doesn't expire yet,
I don't have any reason
to dismiss her job.
How is it so hard for a county magistrate
to dismiss an officer?
Do you think so?
My lord, yes or no?
A magistrate assistant
doesn't even have his own idea.
With such a weak ability,
how can you
help the lord solve the problem?
Magistrate Tang, seems like
I probably need to
find a new assisstant for you.
My lord
I waited for this job for many years.
I'm poor and
my daily life depends on this low salary.
Please don't ruin my life.
Never mind, never mind.
Prefect Zong.
Although assistant Zhou is sometimes timid,
She also works very hard.
She always solves trivia
that happened at our County office successfully.
As for adviser Tan, he understands me deeply.
How about
we talk about it later.
Let's have meals first.
No.
No, no, no.
I suddenly remind that
this adviser
was on board with imperial envoy's letter.
How could this girl
get trust by the imperial envoy?
Honey.
This is the freshly roasted chicken.
It's all your fault.
If you didn't come,
there will not be so many troubles.
You know that case makes me
so annoyed.
And you still mess up here.
Honey, to be honest,
you can do everything you want.
But why you have to work at the office?
Is that a place where a girl should be?
I knew this since I was born that
either I swindle or fight with anyone,
as long as there is no death,
you can solve it privately.
But if that involves the office, it will be more complicated.
Right?
Well, that's the son of a prefect?
You slander the colleague of your father.
Honey, there's something you don't know.
I've seen so many
things like that.
You have no choice
after the purple gold-stone stamp is sealed,
you have no choice but to
work for them for 3 months.
Probably longer than 3 months.
It may extends.
It depends.
Extension? Why?
Case.
You don't know how complicated this case is.
It's out of you imagination.
You won't get it.
Yes, I don't get it.
But all I know is that
no matter what the imperial envoy said,
you will get married with me
after 3 months.
As you already said,
she is a woman.
And people will certainly think that
women won't make a great achievement.
That's why adviser Tan
tried hard to prove herself.
No.
She is careless,
and not reliable.
Thankfully that Shao Xing is here.
He'll help you a lot.
Shao Xing, after you on board,
check the record manuals
of the previous adviser clearly.
Don't make any trouble to Magistrate Tang.
Understand.
In that case,
how about I go to the County office
to organize them now.
Not necessary.
Magistrate Tang.
Do you have any problems?
Since you mentioned that,
I will be honest.
I'm willing to hear.
Actually I don't have to stay here.
But it's just...
What?
Adviser Tan and I
love each other.
Deeply in love with each other.
Just like Luan Feng and Ming,
a great couple.
Being together forever.
Okay. Fine.
If you say so,
I won't force you.
Do you have anything else?
I have a lot of work to do.
If there's nothing else, I may excuse myself.
Oh my god, my honey abandons me.
It's okay, Dacong.
You can go back to Ji Nan
and let your dad find a better girl for you.
Okay?
I know I'm so attracted to you.
I'm so miserable.
Stop crying, Dazong.
You two love each other.
Stop talking, eat the chicken.
Is that true?
He does treat Tan Lingyin special.
What?
They found the place that buried gold.
Not yet.
This gold is carried with Qi Hui's body.
Sun and Qi's family will probably have more.
It will cause some problems
if we don't pay attention to them.
Right.
Landlorf Sun
can be useful.
My lord.
Prefect Zong left?
Yes.
Prefect Zong let me tell you that
he was just tried to let
adviser Shao Xing to help you.
He didn't know that you and adviser Tan has already...
He felt sorry about that
and hope you can forgive him.
I have no other choices.
Feilong!
Feilong, why are you here?
I've been looking for you for a long time.
You can leave now.
Okay. I may excuse myself now.
Oh right,
don't tell anybody.
Got it.
Why you screamed in the public?
I went to the prison to release the prisoner.
Cong Shun should be on duty,
but he fell asleep.
The gate was open and there was no one there.
Sangjie's servants ran away?
Yes.
Gather people and go arrest them now.
What happened?
Prefect Zong, you just leave like that?
You made us seem very impolite.
You guys are very considerate,
and also kind.
My lord, they are all there.
Prefect Zong.
Are you unsatisfied with my reception?
Why you took prisoners away
without telling us?
Sangjie is the county magistrate of Tongling,
which is belong to Chizhou.
I knew him for a long time
and I thought he's a smart person.
But he is so greedy to
seek things that are not belong to him
which killed him eventually.
No matter how powerful that is,
the key is how to balance of weight.
People
will live in safe life by only focusing on their jobs.
Magistrate Tang, what do you think?
I'm little confused about
your words.
I mean Sangjie's case
is closed now.
If I insist to investigate the case,
what will you do?
Tang Feilong, you don't want
money nor adviser,
then what do you want?!
So you just want to against me?
I don't dare to do that.
I just want to do
my job well.
Sangjie is from Tongling.
He works in Tongling, and dies in Tongling.
And he also privately mines in Tongling.
As the official of Tongling,
is it my duty to find out
the truth of this case,
give an explanation to citizens,
and report it to the court?
Prefect Zong.
Am I wrong?
Since you have your own thoughts,
I won't force you.
Magistrate Tang.
We got a long way to go. See you in Chizhou.
Chizhou?
My lord,
all prisoners are back,
why are you still serious now?
Are you afraid of the threatening of him?
He didn't succeed and just go back to Chizhou.
I think there must be something wrong.
Something happened.
My lord, look.
All servants are died.
Muskmelon, did you know that?
Adviser and our lord are dating.
And our lord admitted it in person.
You are lying.
How could our lord in love with
such kind of rude girl!
But I think it is possibly.
Think about it.
Our lord smiles a lot
when he stays with adviser.
And did you hear that
the hairpin on her head
is given by our lord.
Is this hairpin the token of love?
What are you dong, Muskmelon?
My hand! My hand! My hand!
Doesn't work.
It's adviser's clothes.
She dresses beautifully everyday
and came to County Office.
Except seducing our lord,
what else did she do?
I think my lord is not a superficial person
and he will wake up one day.
He just doesn't see the reality for now.
It seems that someone is jealous on me.
Is it dangerous?
No.
This is certainly done by women.
It seems that everyone knows what happened in County office.
People with big mouth in County office and Miaoshenglou.
At this time,
probably everyone in Tongling knew that.
Yeah. What a coincidence!
Sis Lingyin wanted to use Magistrate Tang
to block Zhu Dacong.
Who knows that Magistrate Tang also use adviser
as shield.
It's called fate.
If the fate comes,
nothing can stop it.
What are you talking about!
It's all faked.
Faked!
You guys know that better than anyone.
It's fake but we have to let Zhu Dacong believe us first.
You have to bear with it.
Sis, you made such a big lie.
It's hard for you to face Magistrate Tang.
You guys don't understand that
my mood was even worse than visiting somone's grave
when I was in the front yard.
But it's time to go to the office,
if you don't go,
somebody will gossip.
In this situation, who will gossip?
What else can they say?
Spoiled.
Doing nothing in County Office
depends on relative relationship.
Fine, I'll go.
Help me wash it.
Good morning, my lord.
Good morning.
Did you eat breakfast?
No.
What's wrong?
What to do with that thing?
Which thing?
Zhu Dacong wants to married me.
It's none of my business.
What if Zong Yinglin knows that
you lied to him?
And if he forces you to accept an adviser,
you will need to work with a spy.
Then do you have any idea?
I think we can just make it simple.
What, What do you want?
I think we should
keep it from them for a while.
And when it is the time,
we can tell them we break up.
There is no need to chose another day.
We can announce it today.
No, they won't buy it. At least half of a year.
2 weeks.
3 months. Deal.
According to the story line,
we are now in love period.
How to pretend to be sweet?
You wrote a lot of novels.
You should know it better than me.
Are you my brother?
Right. I'll let you to do it.
Couples will certainly have skin contact.
This is not okay, and that is not appropriate.
Adviser.
I caught the cricket,
and put it in the jar.
Did you...
Did you already do that?
Why you bully me like this!
What's the stinky smell?
I used both of my hands to catch the cricket.
What?
I continue to catch them.
Come back, it's not polite.
It's done.
Why you make rules?
I didn't owe you money after all.
But you need to have body contact with me.
We have to be together for 3 months.
I must protect myself.
We need to cooperate with each other
to pretend as a couple in front of strangers.
You need to notice me 1 day in advance before holding hands.
No one is allowed to
take advantage of another in the name of couple.
Only if it's reasonable and
in unavoidable situation,
behaviors like touching
are allowed to happen.
Otherwise, it's foul.
One tael each time.
And so on.
Sign it.
Can you explain me to me
what is reasonable
and in unavoidable situation?
That means it's okay to pretend it in front of Zhu Dacong,
but it's not necessary when it comes to Zhao Xiaoliu and others.
But it's impossible to hide from everyone
because the County Office is so big that everyone can see us.
If Zhu Dacong knows that,
are you able to take this responsibility?
Fine.
Then just hold hands.
Just like this.
Interlocking fingers is not allowed.
Since you can make rules,
I can do it too.
How can you take undeserved gain for granted?!
First, you're not allowed to investigate the case of Sangjie privately.
Second, you're not allowed to investigate the case of gold by yourself.
Third, if you need a business trip,
you must tell me.
If I approved, you can go.
I helped you solved a murder case.
You still don't believe my ability?
Also, I'm adviser.
Why can't I investigate cases?
I say no, then it's no. No more discussion.
You only have 2 options.
Either you go home and marry with Zhu Dacong,
or promise my rules.
You!
You and Zhu Dacong are just like real brothers.
You use the same way of forcing people.
I'm different from him. He wants to marry you,
but I don't.
I don't want to marry you either.
My lord, adviser,
these are freshly baked desserts. Please enjoy.
Sure.
Here.
It's so delicious.
My lord, you guys are
not in a good situation.
How come?
According to my personal experience,
a love process between men and women usually
can be divided into three steps.
Honeymoon period, tired period and broke period.
What do you mean?
Young couples are in love
at the first sight,
They'll be together for whole day.
People around them cannot bear with it.
Most of the romantic plots
are happened during this period.
What about cool period?
It means 2 people have nothing to talk.
because they already
talked about everything and done everything.
They are too tired to change to another one.
During the rest of the time,
they will be unsatisfied with each other.
What else?
Broke period.
Right, broke period.
They've spent half of their lives
with each other.
And they still need a person to
be with them until they die.
Xiaoliu, from your point of view,
where are we now?
Tired period. It's not far away from broke period.
That's impossible.
My lord and I are
just in a relationship for 24 hours.
We're still in honeymoon.
When I live with my wife,
we want to do everthing together,
and even eating the same thing.
It's totally different from you guys.
Adviser,
Here. Have some dessert.
I can eat it myself.
Is it hot?
It's so sweet.
It's my fault. I get you wrong.
I'm leaving now.
Still don't believe me?!
Only officer Zheng and you are single
in the office.
I got it.
If I want to get married,
I need a "sweet desert" as well.
I need to take one,
and eat with a girl.
Go. Go. Go.
What are you doing?
I want to take one, too.
Go.
I wanna get married.
Go, go,go.
I want to get married.
Tang Feilong!
You took advantage of me again.
I'm eating the dessert.
You almost kiss me! Do you know that?!
I won't do that because I have cleanliness.
If you do this, how can I get married with others?!
How can I get married with Tang Tianyuan?!
I have to find a way
to pretend a couple.
Wine is not drunk everybody already from drunk.
Who knows how much I miss her?
Brother Zhu, broke up is not a big deal.
It's not the first time. Why so serious?
This time is different.
She rejects me before because she doesn't like me,
but this time,
She still doesn't like you.
She not only dislike me,
but also in love with someone.
Brother Zhu, although you loose adviser Tan,
you still have a lot of other choices.
You don't understand.
Since I was a child,
my father told me that
a man should be like him. Only love one girl.
Because when a man can only see one girl in his eyes,
he'll look really handsome.
How many mistresses does you father have?
3.
Your father is such a single-minded man!
Of course!
Cheers!
Brother Zheng, you know me well.
What's the smell of this wine?
You even serve such low quality wine?
You don't get it.
My boss said that
it's harmful to drink liquor in the daytime.
So why you pretend you are drunk?
Wine is not drunk everybody already from drunk.
Girl, come and drink with me.
Let me go.
You.
Come on.
Get out of here.
We all come here for fun.
Do you want to get trouble?
I won't be kind to you.
Do it if you're a man.
I!
Get out!
I said I won't be kind to you.
Thanks.
Sangjie's evidences are still in County Office.
Get them quickly. There will be people waiting for you.
Brother Zhu,
I feel Miaoshenglou's business is not quite well.
How about you cut half of Ruyi's ransom
and let her go home?
I failed in love
but I won't fail in business.
It's only 3 months.
I must be successful in Tongling,
and let my honey see my ability.
Maybe she will change her mind.
In addition, Tang Feilong is not a big deal.
Which girl doesn't like rich men?
What do you want?
I want to organize an
Oiran competition.
I will find all top oiran in Tongling
and let them have a dance competition.
If Ruyi won,
she will become the best oiran of Tongling.
And my Miaoshenglou
will become the top restaurant in Tongling as well.
At that time, the business will be definitely good.
That's a great idea.
Come on, guys.
Decorate our restaurant from now.
the oiran competition will begin soon.
Brother Zhu, I'll go to see Ruyi.
Wait.
Pay for the bill.
Later. Later.
Ruyi.
What happened?
Ruyi?
Are you okay? Help! Help!
Ruyi.
Officer Zheng.
What happened?
I just got a cold.
But why you passed out.
Do you need to see doctor?
No.
I just
wanna ask you a favor.
Okay,
tell me.
The owner will hold oiran competition today,
but I''m not able to take part in it.
I'm now already on the namelist.
Do you have any ideas to
help me quit this competition?
Yes, I will do it for you.
Then you have a rest now.
Have a good rest. I'm leaving now.
Smile, can't help smiling.
What are you doing, adviser?
My lord,
I read all the romantic fictions
recent years.
Guess what I find out?
You found how childish
and naive your novels are.
I found out the way
we can safely go through the three month.
I'm listening.
Dating is a private thing between each other,
but attitudes of expressing it
are always the same.
It can be summarize to three points
and three words: can't help it.
Can't help it?
That's right.
Firstly, if lovers
can't be together all the time,
they will miss each other.
You will miss his/her face, smile
and the smell of his/her body.
You can't help smiling,
even ignore people around you.
It sounds nasty.
It's because you don't get it.
Smile, my lord.
No, I can't.
Smile.
No! No!
We are on the same ship right now.
Despite how smart Zong Yinglin and Zhu Dacong are,
all staffs of County Office
and the citizens in TongLing
are all our enemies.
But if this thing exposed,
it's not harmful to me.
But it's harmful to me.
Please be kind this time. Smile for me.
That's right!
It's this kind of uncommon smile.
You are so serious in daily life.
If you can often smile,
people will definitely think that
it's because you fall in love.
Really?
Bullshit.
What is the second one?
The second one is
adding "dear" at the end of each sentence.
Dear?
Once people fall in love,
they will be soft and gentle.
The atmosphere around them will be happy.
And it can't help being
naive and gentle when you talk to your love.
"Dear" is the most common word.
For example?
For example,
for example, let's go outside and try, dear!
My lord, buy a bunch of flowers to adviser.
The smell of flowers lasts forever like your love.
No, thanks, I don't like flowers.
Take them all, and please send them to County Office.
Okay! Okay!
My lord loves adviser so much.
So generous?
No, I'm not. I'll deduct it from your salary.
Magistrate Tang,
when did you fall in love?
Adviser just on board,
you must fall in love at the fist sight.
Yes, yes. Magistrate Tang, please talk about it.
We are all curious about it.
Yes.
What do you like about adviser?
Right, what do you like about her?
Is it because she is beautiful?
Definitely.
No, it's not.
Then it must be her body shape.
Right.
No, it's also not, dear.
Since you think I'm not attractive by my looking and body shape,
I won't bother you anymore.
She's talent and it's very attractive to me.
Most importantly, it's her kindness.
If god gives me only one chance to
choose a girl to
spend my life,
I will undoubtedly choose
the girl in my arms,
Tan Lingyin.
Dear.
Didn't expect magistrate Tang can be such a lovely man.
It must be the power of love.
Right. Right.
Your honor and adviser,
please accept this pair of tiger shoes
and I wish you have a baby soon.
Me.
Take it.
It's too expensive.
It's fine. Take it.
Take it?!
If it is not enough,
I will come back and buy more.
What are you talking about?
This couple
is so good-looking.
They're perfectly matched with each other!
I'm so jealous on them.
So great.
Great. Great.
They looks so good.
Hello everyone.
Today is our oiran competition.
Now the competition has begun.
Wow.
Where did you find her? Next one.
Next. Next.
Next one.
This one is pretty good.
This one is good.
This one is beautiful.
Her body.
Look at that slim waist.
This one is good.
This is good.
Oh my god,
look at her body shape.
Beautiful.
Great.
Good job.
This one looks good.
Her dance is nothing special.
Tacky. Is it our turn next?
Yes, Ruyi must be the last one.
I know that.
Great!
Ruyi is so awesome.
Right.
Great.
Sprinkle petals.
Beautiful.
This figure.
Wow.
Great.
So beautiful. So beautiful.
She dances so good.
I agree.
Great.
She is so gorgeous.
Look at that.
Great.
It's very special.
Good.
She is shy.
Great.
Officer Zheng.
What?
That is...
Where is Ruyi?
You should ask him.
What.
Who are you?
How dare you to replace Ruyi?
Where is Ruyi?
She is sick and she can't give the performance.
I have no choice but do it.
Zheng Shaofeng!
I ask you where Ruyi is.
You messed up my
oiran competition!
Ruyi is here.
Me, Zheng Ruyi!
Zheng Ruyi?
What's wrong with you two now?
Show off your love in my place?
My lord and I have been loved each other all the time, right?
That's right, dear.
Are you pretending to be cute now?
Boss.
3 months later!
Don't be angry.
We'll see!
There is no rules.
Where are you, brother Zhou?
Officer Zheng?
Where have you been, brother Zhou?
Bathroom.
I got a bottle of great wine today.
Come. Have a taste.
I'm not feeling well today.
You can drink with my lord.
Don't mention Tang Tian...
Don't mention him.
Have a wife and forget his brother.
No.
It's wrong.
Forget the old one after getting the new one.
Wait,
what's that word called?
Neglect his friends when smitten with a new love.
Right, neglect his friends when smitten with a new love!
You are a wise person, brother Zhou.
Drink with me today.
Come on. Come on.
I don't drink.
I don't drink, brother Zheng.
Fine, I drink it myself.
Your bed is so comfortable.
Don't touch me, brother Zhou.
Why you touch me?
Sleep.
Go to sleep.